docs(k8s): update how to upgrade CLI tips (#2670)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/how-to/upgrade-kubernetes-version.mdx

You should get an output similar to the following, providing a list of all relevant components:
```
NAME     AVAILABLE CNIS                      AVAILABLE CONTAINER RUNTIMES
1.28.2   [cilium calico kilo]                [containerd]
1.27.6   [cilium calico kilo]                [containerd]
1.26.9   [cilium calico kilo]                [containerd]
1.25.14  [cilium calico kilo]                [containerd]
1.24.17  [cilium calico weave flannel kilo]  [containerd]
```

### CNIs

> If your cluster is using a deprecated CNI, and you are willing to upgrade to a newer k8s version, you will most likely have to spin up a new Kapsule cluster.
> As of now, we do not provide an easy way to change CNI. This component is integrated within each cluster node. This results in a tricky transition.
> For more help, check out the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster currently uses a deprecated Container Network Interface (CNI) and you are willing to upgrade to a more recent Kubernetes version, the recommended approach is to create a new Kapsule cluster.
Unfortunately, at present, there isn't a straightforward method to modify the CNI since it is tightly integrated within each cluster node, making the transition a complex process.
For more help, check out the following resources:
```
